[NO QA] Create Suggested-Search.md (#62252)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/reports-and-expenses/Suggested-Search.md

---
title: Suggested-Search.md
description: Learn how Suggested Search simplifies submitting, approving, paying, and exporting expense reports in New Expensify.
keywords: [Suggested Search, Submit, Approve, Pay, Export, New Expensify, To-do, LHN, batch processing, filters, expense report actions]
---
<div id="new-expensify" markdown="1">

Suggested Search helps you quickly take action on expense reports you need to submit, approve, pay, or export—tailored to your role in a workspace.

**Navigation:** Reports > Expense Reports > Suggested Search

# Suggested Search in New Expensify

## What is Suggested Search?

Suggested Search surfaces key report actions in your **Reports** page so you can:
- Submit expenses waiting on you
- Approve reports that need your review
- Pay approved reports ready for reimbursement
- Export finalized reports to accounting platforms

These shortcuts are personalized based on your role and workspace configuration, helping you process reports in batches—no advanced search needed.

---

## How to use Suggested Search

> Suggested Search options appear under the **To-do** section in the **left-hand navigation (LHN)**, alongside an **Explore** section for general browsing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suggested Search options appear under the **To-do** section in the **left-hand menu**, alongside an **Explore** section for general browsing.
```

2. Click the **Approved** tab.
3. Use the **Filter** to select `To: yourself`.
4. View approved reports ready for payment.

### Export

1. Go to **Reports > Expense Reports**.
2. In the search bar, enter: `status:approved,paid,done`.
3. View finalized reports eligible for export.

---

## Smart filters and UI enhancements

To make reports easier to find, New Expensify introduces:
- **Exposed filters** (Type, Status, Date, From) at the top of the results table.
- **New To-do LHN section** that highlights your actionable items.
- **Improved search routing** to help you get familiar with advanced search syntax.

**Note:** These updates replace the older tabbed report filters and make everyday filtering simpler and more intuitive.

---

## Who sees what?

### All members
- Can access **Reports**, **Expenses**, and **Chats (Inbox tab)** from the **Explore** section.
- If no reports exist, Suggested Search will prompt you to create one.

### Employees (Submitters)
- See **Submit** when they have unsubmitted reports.
- See a confirmation message (e.g., “All caught up!”) when nothing remains.

### Approvers
- See **Approve** for reports awaiting their review.

> - See a message like “Nothing left to review” when done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See a message like, “Nothing left to review” when done.
```

### Admins (Payments)
- See **Pay** for reports ready to reimburse.
- See a celebratory message (e.g., “All reports paid!”) when cleared.

### Admins (Exports)

> - See **Export** for reports eligible for accounting export (e.g., QBO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See **Export** for reports eligible for accounting export (e.g., to QuickBooks Online).
```

I believe we're supposed to use the full name for both QBO and QBD

- Filter uses `exported:never` to show only unexported reports.

---

## Best practices

- Start with the **To-do** section to prioritize daily report actions.
- Save your favorite filters or searches for reuse.
- Use advanced search only when needed for specific cases.

---

# FAQ

## What if I don't see the Submit, Approve, Pay, or Export options?

Suggested searches only appear when:
- You have reports that require those actions.

> - You have the correct workspace permissions (e.g., Admin, Approver).

Reviewer: Wow, ignore me. My suggestion doesn't make sense
